Update README.md with adengine_version=local (#2287)
Wikia/ad-engine: README.md

## Platforms

> - `npm run dev:platforms` - to serve ad-engine platforms code (UCP, Futhead, Muthead) on port 9000 (you can use it on the page with `?adengine_version=local`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `npm run dev:platforms` - to serve ad-engine platforms code (UCP, N&R, Muthead) on port 9000 (you can use it on the page with `?adengine_version=local`)
```
